Su Wanqiang, you wolf-hearted thing
It hurt our Su family so badly
I can only take out loans now to solve the crisis
What does this have to do with me?
It's not my fault.
The Su family raised you so much
It's better to have a dog
Do you believe it or not?
How dare you scold one more word?
I pulled your tongue out for you
What do you want?
Here is the bank
Rule of law society
It's up to you
Why is this mad dog biting people?
I can't even taste it anymore
Ah, that's right.
I've seen you before.
You are the beggar, right?
What's the matter, who are you?
My name is Zhang Haiyang.
Look at this posture
presumably
You two are here for a loan today, right?
Yeah. Why?
Come back quickly
You can't get a loan.
How do you know I can't get a loan?
Just because I am Zhang Haiyang
It's a high payment from the credit department of this celebration bank
Then if I loan it out today
And it's not a penny.
It's one point.
If you could bring me to this ocean
Credit department executives
Quit immediately
If you are so confident
You can just pack up and get out